README.md, before:

# project-1

A app for those who wish to write their own stories, with a little guidance. This site provides the necessary tools from genre frameworks to its own thesaurus and dictionary search bars to help you on your way to becoming a NYTimes bestseller. You can can even track your own productivity with a words per day counter.

1. Who is your target audience?
* High-school to college-aged students, ages 16-30.

2. What is the problem that the product will address?
* Beginner writers who struggle with writer's block.   

3. What is the primary goal of the product?
* To provide story outlines as a starting point to educate beginner writers on literary elements and assist with idea generation.

4. Identify and prioritize essential user stories (limit this to 3 or fewer)?

* As a user, I want to get ideas for a story to write about with a theme of my choosing.
    1. Click "New Story" and select one of the genres.
    2. Move to the writing screen to see the results in your outline.
    3. Edit the text inside those boxes.
    
* As a user, I want to track the level of effort I put into my writing through the word count.
    1. Type words on the document to track the total word count.
    2. Display the word count in the table.
    3. The total word count will correspond to the day of the week.
    
* As a user, I want to store and submit my story to the public for people to read.
    1. Log in to the app through the Medium API.
    2. Click submit on the text document to publish the story on a Medium profile.

Commit message:

Removed dictionary code from JS and HTML. Added thesaurus feature to story screen. Entering word and clicking submit pushes definition above container. Added p tag for word count

README.md, after:

# project-1

A app for those who wish to write their own stories, with a little guidance. This site provides the necessary tools from genre frameworks to its own thesaurus and dictionary search bars to help you on your way to becoming a NYTimes bestseller. You can can even track your own productivity with a words per day counter.

1. Who is your target audience?
* High-school to college-aged students, ages 16-30.

2. What is the problem that the product will address?
* Beginner writers who struggle with writer's block.   

3. What is the primary goal of the product?
* To provide story outlines as a starting point to educate beginner writers on literary elements and assist with idea generation.

4. Identify and prioritize essential user stories (limit this to 3 or fewer)?

* As a user, I want to get ideas for a story to write about with a theme of my choosing.
    1. Click "New Story" and select one of the genres.
    2. Move to the writing screen to see the results in your outline.
    3. Edit the text inside those boxes.
    
* As a user, I want to track the level of effort I put into my writing through the word count.
    1. Type words on the document to track the total word count.
    2. Display the word count in the table and store this data upon clicking Save.
    3. The total word count will correspond to the day of the week using moment.js logic.
    
* As a user, I want to save a draft of my story and keep writing later.
    1. Upon clicking a genre button, a new story is created and populates to the dashboard.
    2. Clicking the save button will store the data in the user's local storage, and the story can be accessed again by clicking it on the dashboard.
